So one of the key things we do outside of,
you know, having a Q amp.
A.
Right.
Is then making sure that all the notes
are captured against each meeting.
Okay.
Right.
Now, again, notice could just be the fact
that you told me that you sell to stores
like or the fact that you probably
just do two sales calls a day.
Right.
So it's important for me to understand
some of the outliers because if you have
six sales reps, then
is it two sales calls a day or is
it two sales calls a rep a day?
It's two sales calls day in general.
But sometimes depending upon the stores,
again, they're small format store.
Right.
It's not just anything,
but the restaurants are on board,
so that part of time.
Other restaurants pharmacies smaller
pharmacies, depending upon the area
that you're looking at, the point of time,
it's largely two or three stores a day.
Right.
Two to three stores a day.
Yeah.
That's sort of a little bit of I won't say
a flag because three isn't really a big
number of recordings that you would
otherwise have to go through that I can
completely automate for you, but still,
I'd like to see your thoughts on it.
All these notes are sitting against each
meeting so that whenever we meet again
next, I can quickly go there
and refer to them and pull them out.
Okay.
The other interesting thing that I'd like
to sort of show you on the meeting page.
Right.
Is our ability to highlight
things within the recording.
Okay.
And typically where we've seen this news
most is, for example, if there is
a new objection that comes up.
So this is great.
So that you don't have to scroll
through the entire meeting.
Okay.
And instead in the recording itself,
you can jump directly to the pin
similar to what you have in YouTube.
Okay.
So if I set up our pitch slides here,
then you're saying we can possibly
highlight certain sections and quickly go
back to that jump between
those slides there.
Right.
So if you look at SlideShare, in fact,
we have something that would
really be of interest to you.
Just give me 1 second.
Can you take a tomb and break
somebody at the door?
Sure, no problem.
You sorry about that.
There's something just got delivered.
So you were telling me that you typically
go in with like a slide
deck that you present.
Right.
And does every sales guy use his
own version, or do you like to.
Your version that works across the board
depending upon the kind of
store that they are?
Like, if they're a restaurant,
they have a separate one.
If there's a pharmacy,
then it's a separate one.
If there's a supermarket out
of a situation, then it's a separate one.
So that's out of it.
Understood.
So basically what we have,
we built something called Docshare.
Right.
And Docshare is nothing but a library
where you can preload all your decks so
you don't have to go searching or any
of those screen share nightmares that tend
to happen when you're
trying to look for a deck.
For example, I'm going to show you
good meetings pitch deck right now.
And what's happening is,
as I'm sharing this deck with you,
the intelligence that's built
into the platform is also measuring
on which slide am I present?
Okay.
So as I move through the slides.
Right.
For example, this one sort of showcases
how sales is changing permanently.
It's measuring two things.
One, it's measuring how much time
is being spent on each slide.
Okay.
And second, what are
the prospect's attention?
Okay.
And what this essentially does is if you
have people who are skipping through
slides or, for example,
there are certain slides that,
for example,
where the prospect is not engaged and you
see a pattern across what do you say?
Across calls, then that sort of becomes
a targeted input for you
to go back and see.
Okay.
Why are people skipping this?
Right.
Or what's wrong?
Have I been able to explain that?
Yes.
Okay.
So that sort of self the intelligence
that we are building
into the platform as well.
And then, of course, the biggest thing,
of course, is standardization.
If you update any deck.
Right.
If you make any changes and you upload it
back into the system,
then everybody instantaneously has
access to that same file deck.
Okay.
Right.
Is there common?
Yes.
In fact, let me share my screen and show
you how quickly
we have a settings page here
from where you can modify the
questionnaire and upload any documents.
Okay.
This is kind of like SharePoint.
It's like a SharePoint setup.
So the other thing I wanted to show you is
once the call is done,
we organize all your demos right into
a single fashion.
So, for example,
the recording is currently in place.
Right.
But it gives us, for example, the entire
recording here along with the highlights.
So I've already put a highlight here.
And this is currently something
that's in early beta.
But let me sort of quickly flip
to what we are building here.
Okay.
By the end of the month, typically,
you'll have access to the entire top
tracks who said what, when,
what we call the hits
and misses of any sales pitch.
Okay.
So, for example,
I'm sure a CRM and digital marketing,
these are fairly
competitive fields that you're in.
So that's a part of it.
We provide those services as well.
But outside of that,
we do provide technology services.
Understood.
So if you're providing technology
services, I'm guessing the fact that you
want to emphasize on customer support.
Right.
You want to emphasize on the fact that you
have a proven background,
that you've been doing this for very long,
that Ratnadiq is a client.
I'm sure any
sort of store that here that you're
working with Ratnade would
sign on immediately.
So these all become keywords right in your
sales pitch that we help you track right?
So with these keywords fundamentally
what you can do is you can instantaneously
know how the meeting went, right?
Okay.
For example for us it's important
to highlight post call analytics
for some of our US clients, it's important
to highlight the comparison with Gong.
Have you heard of gong by the way?
No.
Okay.
So Gong is a meeting target tool that's
very popular in the US okay,
we have to highlight the fact that we
integrate with the CRM
and we also have to sort of say that we
highlight with Calendly and that we give
you push email notifications
sort of tells you is that they have
forgot to pitch about these three things.
So one when you go back to this
meeting looking at a sale.